Two days ago, we had insight lecture called "Future on the transformation of the media"

We had Jeffrey cole, the professor of University of Southern California. 

It was very interesting

	1. because I am working for the product which display the media
	2. because I had plan to talk about media transformation in this speech.


So, in my speech today, I will talk about, history of media consumption pattern as well as what I want to do with that in the future.

ok.. let me start with history part first.

Think of the time around 10 years ago, when there is some sort of drama that you like or the shows that you liked to most during weekend, what did you do?

you stop whatever you do and go to find the place where you can see the television right? it was same, if you were big fan of radio show, then instead of going out to the bar for the chat, you plug the earphone and listen to it. Because that's the way you can enjoy the media contents at that time right?

How about it now?

based on the research that this professor Jeffrey cole, among the millenials especially 20 to 26, only the 20% of the media that they consump is linear channel type, and among these 20, most of the contents are sports because they consider only the sports has meaning when they see on live. 

Maybe some of you say, so what? 

It means peoples life style is changed, they don't rush to home to see the drama anymore, instead, they just open the application like netflix or Youtube and select the contents that they want to see, 

When. They. Want.

They have control of the time, they don't depend on the TV schedule that are set by the broadcasting system anymore.

well, it's understandable now, but how all these things started? I mean I don't know world wide, but how this kind of change of media consumption pattern started?

Couple of years ago, as technology got more advanced and the internet connection become faster and faster, people started to use podcast.

It was just sound type of digital media that we can download and play like music.


But it was different from legacy media that previously people zap the channel to find what they want to see on TV or Radio on certain time. Podcast was different.

As I said there was no prime time, contents creator just put it on the web for those who have access to the internet.

after the podcast boom sweped Korea almost 10 years ago, paradigm was changed and it even changed the dream of the children, like youtuber.

thanks to the platform service provider like google, it became the reality that now, as long as you have good contents for the people. 

They will search for you and find you and consume your contents. 


And now is the second part do I want to be a Youtuber? well I'm not sure.. 

but, here is the thing that I have in mind.

from 2014 ~ 2017. I was very into one podcast. "wide and shallow knowledge for intellectual conversation". It was the title.

It was the talk shows with 4 different people, 3 with humanity background and the one from science and engineering background sitting together 
and talk about "Engineering", "Philosophy", "Traveling", "Politics", "Future", "Books", "Movie",  "Social issues" even the "Birth of the Universe".

topic that they talked about was something that everyone is wondering at least once in their life time, but no one tell you exactly what it is.

Maybe you can think of it like news briefing but it was differnt. They didn't focus on  what's happening but they focused on the theory and the knowledge behind it.

They put wide and shallow knowledge on title but it's actually not that shallow, because they are all expert on their fields. It was so fun and enjoyable that that pod cast was always in top 5 while they were doing service. And you know what? funny thing is, this podcast is still in top 10 of among the other podcast channels.

amazing isn't?

even after they ended the podcast 2017, there are still facebook group and band or online cafe reminding what were said in that podcast programs which is crazy.

I know because I am one of those crazy fan. 

Recently I happen to  lead English study group in my division, we met once in a week and discuss about news, article and so on.  When we discuss the topic, I make questions and ask them after we study the contents. 

Although we had language barrier, it's fun when we talk about IT or technology or social issues that are backed up by some digital product. 

It might be because I know something about them more than other people and I realized that if we do it a little bit more professionaly than now, like, 4 IT professionals who can speak in english gathered together and do research a bit deeper before the meeting and share the information and discuss the impact of that technology, then, I can also try it one day just like the podcast I admired before.

I know I can just use Korean if I just wanted to start podcast or something, but If you use English, maybe I can relate both the English with tech industry which I am good at, at the same time which I can enjoy the most.

so I as a one of the speech item in pathway, I want to let you know that I will try it in my level 5 project of pathway. But with who? I told you I need 4 members. 

Let's see if I can find any from here

will you join?

Thanks



