Couple of days ago, my second daughter overslept in the morning. We were supposed to have breakfast together.
So, I woke her up and brought her up to the table seat like this.(gesture and act !! )

she was not feeling good because her mom was not beside her when she woke up and she was actually not really ready to eat something at that time.

but you know how busy it is in the morning normaly, my first daughter need to go to school by 9 am and I also need to come to company after send her to the child care preschool. 

So, she was being seated on the table. Because she didn't feel well, she started to say "No"

Honey  would you eat this by yourself  No! shall I feed you? No!
 
Would you like to eat this? No! that? No! and so on... come on girl? you need to eat something, we don't have time ..

Because my voice become louder, she started to cry ...

you know what my wife became when it happened ..  she became eukk!!! ak!!! 

Yes, life is like this... what ever you do, whereever you are, if you want to do something with other human ... you have to make sure that you are open to accept the others. otherwise.. like my dauther, you will face  No no unexpectedly, it doesn't matter it's right, it doesn't matter who is right, what matters in here is I don't feel good and it's because of you or this circomstances.

About 1 years ago, about this time, I sat together with one of the officer of SOTM, some of you remember that I was chairperson at that time... you remember? ok good.

and although it was the first face to face meeting, I did something very stupid, criticizing what she did and giving feedback to her.

I accept that I didn't have sufficient skills of giving proper feedback and I didn't know much about trust building at that time neither.

You remember  in Toastmsters mission statement we say like "We provide supportive and positive learning experiences in which members are empowered to develop their communication and leadership skills, resulting in self confidence and personal growth". 

So I thought we are already in supportive and positive circomstances. But I was wrong.  

You are not in this positive circomstances automatically when you start Toastmasters journey, but it can be achieved after you are engaged with people with positive thinking several times until they actually feel it.

I didn't know it and I naively thought that she will accept my constructive feedback, ...

It went wrong, and we have been in consistant conflict for almost entire year of my tenure.

Here we have one questions, What's the first thing you do when you have new project with new people?

Some of you have meal together or coffee time together. 
Some of you just have meeting to share the information and see each other.

Simon sinek,  the author of the book "Leaders eat last", introduced this story several time  in his TED talk.

he asked to one of the veteran who have experiences of the war that "I heard several times that you guys miss the time you were in the war, I mean, there was something that you miss even from that chaos or hell" and the soldier said, "Yes, it's the feeling that you are guarded by colleagues who stand before, left and right and even behind my back. we look after each other and even sacrifice one self to save others and that's the thing I miss the most"

and Simon asked again, " Why? Why would you do that? why would you sacrifice yourself to save others?"

and I still remember the this sentence very clearly. he answered that " because he will do the same for me" 

If you can make people to feel safe and cooperative with them, they can do anything but if you fail to do it at first, it doesn't matter how genius you are or how much money you have because they will never open their mind for you.

The most frequently spoken word by my daughter Yuha is "No", she says this all the time. although my wife loose her mind sometimes, she knows exactly what she need to do, giving my daughter to feel safe add comfortable in her arms.

Dear Toastmasters and fridens, do you want to do something with others? give them a hug! just kidding, do the trust building before you talk about what to do.

Thanks
